# mtm6302-capstone-droh0007

The accent colour of the design is sampled from the most popular character Pikachu's cheeks and was also chosen to link it to the many models of the Pokedex found throughout the TV show and games. Each Pokemon will also have a corresponding background colour to match their "type". Pastel versions of the colours were chosen as they are less likely to conflict with the colours and designs of the individual Pokemon, the colored background will be displayed when each Pokemon is clicked for more information. The main page is kept fairly simple with the design mainly having the sprites and the name of the Pokemon with the additional information for each after it is clicked. Each breakpoint on the main page will detract one column of Pokemon from the view. I also included some media screen breakpoints for things like the search bar so that it is also responsive. I tried to put transitions on many aspects of the project to add some visual interest to a more simple design. 

One of the main challenges while creating this project was having to figure out how to represent design elements that would later be done with JavaScript, utilizing the PokeAPI and techniques we have yet to learn. One of these problems was when I had to show the symbol for caught and uncaught. There are ways to randomly assign one of the two symbols using javascript but I'm not familiar with them yet. So I had to create all 20 div boxes in my HTML and in my CSS to be able to add something that simulates the functionality that it will later have. I also had to save the sprites in an image folder, and manually assign names and caught status. The final project should be able to eliminate a lot of this code with a couple of lines of JavaScript and by plugging in the API. 

A large aspect of the design will be updated in the final, as every Pokemon should be clickable with the stats and information obtained from the PokeAPI. The search bar will also be functional as well as all buttons. The "more" button will be able to display and load more Pokemon. I also want the caught status to be updated and not a static image. Figuring out how to add that functionality I forsee being one of the larger challenges as even as-is it was probably the largest challenge. 

I did also include a small amount of Javascript, as what I needed closely matched a challenge taught in week 6 wherein we loaded in a set amount of boxes and we able to assign numbers to the also. I also included the ability to assign the photo based on the numbered box. I think a lot of that functionality was removed when I had to manually assign information to each box, but when that is removed to be replaced by Javascript it should offer that same functionality again. 
